 Every unit has 6 base statistics, and specialised units have their own (usually self-explanatory) unique stats on top of these 6.
 These are: strength, morale, organisation, speed, attack and defence. Morale refers to the emotional state of a unit at a particular
 time. An elite unit with low morale may even perform worse then a millitia unit with high morale. It is impacted by factors such as
 nearby units, being flanked, and taking casualties.

 Organisation refers to the discipline of a unit. It is lowered by being in prolonged combat, crossing uneven terrain
 and being flanked. Organisation slowly recovers while a unit is out of combat. For this reason, it is highly reccomended to
 cycle out front line units to give them time to rest. If a units organisation reaches 0, the unit will enter a state of panic
 and begin to flee. In this state, a unit is uncontrabble, until it eventually becomes calm.

 Strength refers to the avaible manpower in a unit. It is depleted by combat, and losses are determined by organisation of a unit.
 Strength is irrecoverable. Once a unit reaches 0 strength it will cease to exist, and be lost forever.

 Attack is a decimal value which decides how much damage a unit deals. It is impacted heavily by unit type, morale and organisation.
 Defence is a stat which decides how much incoming attack a unit will recieve, and it is also impacted by same factors mentioned above.
 Speed is a stat which dictates how fast a unit can move, and it is heavily impacted by the terrain.

 Light infantry also have an ammunition statistics, the light infantry will no longer be able to use ranged attack when the ammunition
 reaches 0. Slingers are able to replenish gradually and automatically replenish ammunition by picking up rocks off the ground.
 Ranged units also have a ranged attack statistic seperate to their attack stat. which determines the damage of their ranged weapons.

 Finally, heavy infantry also has an encumbarance penalty, which slows down their speed, due to their heavy armour and weaponary.
